please tell me that you had nothing to
do with this you're the one who's been
committing all the mortal sins around
i'll see you in here
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain bad sister this film tells
the story of a nun who has a crush on a
boy and decides to set him up can he go
to the nun's trap let's find out in bad
sister
bad sister started with a young man
named jason brady who was playing guitar
in his room when school is off jason
often records videos for his youtube
channel
after school holidays jason and his
sister zoe were escorted to a catholic
boarding school
they were greeted by the headmaster
sister rebecca meanwhile elsewhere and
still in the same boarding school
location another sister observed jason
and his family from the principal's
office
the sister was named sister sofia
shortly after sister rebecca returned to
her room and greeted sister sofia
sister rebecca reminds her that every
nun must comply with the school's
policies and regulations
one of these regulations is that a
sister cannot use makeup while in school
sister rebecca immediately handed her a
tissue and asked sister sofia to remove
her makeup right away
after a short conversation sister
rebecca then took sister sophie around
while walking through the school grounds
they accidentally bumped into jason
sister rebecca then introduced jason to
sister sofia but unexpectedly sister
sofia was secretly charmed by jason and
fell in love with him
sister sofia became even more attracted
to jason after their first meeting she
often watches jason's youtube channel
and is very impressed with his singing
and playing guitar skills
sister sofia then sneaks into the school
dormitory and listens to jason singh
while playing the guitar she intended to
make him her own
one day while in class a student named
sarah tried to approach jason
sarah is a beautiful and popular girl
her father was a regular benefactor and
had considerable influence on the
catholic educational foundation
shortly after sister safiya entered the
classroom she felt jealous seeing sarah
and jason's closeness
she then reprimanded sarah in a slightly
intimidating tone
after that incident jason and sarah were
back chatting in the schoolyard at that
time sarah told jason about sister
sofia's annoying attitude jason didn't
say anything but just as sarah and jason
were about to kiss sister sofia suddenly
came up to them with an angry expression
she then told jason to come into the
classroom and warn sarah to stay away
from him
long story short sister sofia asked
jason to come to her room when school
was over
at first jason refused because a boy was
not allowed to visit a girl's room
especially a nun's room
after school jason immediately went to
sister sofia's room
he saw that the door to her room was
slightly open and when he looked inside
he was struck by the side of sister
sofia
at that time she had taken offer nun's
clothes and was wearing only bright red
underwear
it turned out that sister sofia did this
on purpose and pretended not to notice
jason's presence jason then hurriedly
left for fear that sister safiya would
catch him peeking
that night when he was about to sleep
jason could still imagine the sexy
sister sofia even went so far as to
imagine himself making out with her and
being immersed in incomparable worldly
pleasures
one night sister sophia sneaks into the
girl's dormitory when everyone is asleep
she walked down the dark corridor then
stopped in front of sarah and zoe's room
they were both sleeping when sister
sophia sneaked into their room and
planned something
sister sofia then took sarah's book and
quietly slipped a bunch of cigarettes
into it
she intended to trap sarah to get her
out of the school
unexpectedly sister rebecca caught her
sister sofia argued that she only wanted
to check the security of the girl's
dormitory
sister rebecca didn't ask any further
and immediately left
the next day while in class sister sofia
asked the students to open their
textbooks when sarah opened the book she
found a roll of cigarettes
suddenly the incident caught the
attention of sister sofia and her
classmates sarah was then led to the
principal's office she could only cry
and did not admit that the cigarette was
hers but the school still punished her
according to the rules she was suspended
and had to leave school for some time
after sarah's violation sister safi
influenced sister rebecca and other
teachers to inspect the boy's dormitory
sister rebecca agreed the principal and
the teachers then searched all the rooms
in the boy's dormitory
while searching jason's room a teacher
finds a bottle of liquor there
even though jason had sworn that the
alcohol wasn't his he was still punished
sister sophia showed her defense for
jason
she begged sister rebecca to forgive
jason's actions and not report this
incident to his parents
sister rebecca finally forgave jason but
he is not allowed to come home for the
weekend
one day sister sathya approached jason
and helped him mow the grass and
fertilize the school grounds
the two of them chatted casually
sister sofia then unbuttoned her shirt
as she leaned closer to jason
suddenly jason's gays fell on something
dense and stuffy under sister sophia's
shirt but sister sofia did not feel
uncomfortable she even looked happy
because she managed to seduce jason
at night sister sophia sneaked into the
boy's dormitory heading for jason's room
jason was already asleep when sister
sophie entered his room and secretly
recorded the situation with her cell
phone
sensing someone in his room jason woke
up and was very surprised to find sister
sofia
sister sofia then approached jason and
persuaded him to have sex
jason refused because it was a sin
but sister sofia ignored jason's refusal
she instead took off her clothes jason
was finally tempted and they copulated
as if the world belonged to the two of
them
the next morning jason sat pensively in
his bed lamenting the great sin he had
committed with sister sofia
after school he then intends to confess
all his actions
however jason was surprised to find out
that the person who hurt his confession
was not the priest but sister sofia
she then entered the confessional and
sat on his lap while fondling him
passionately
sofia doesn't even care if she is
sinning in a church
jason who had finished his sentence was
finally able to return home for the
weekend
the bradys are enjoying dinner when
jason's father reprimands his son
punished for his poor grades but jason
made his father even angrier by
revealing his desire to achieve his
dream of becoming a singer
the father-son argument eventually led
jason to finish his dinner and head to a
bar to calm himself
returning from the bar jason was stopped
by a police officer who asked for his id
jason could not show his identity card
but then sister sofia suddenly came and
begged the policeman not to arrest jason
and say that he was her student
the police finally handed jason over to
sister sophia
sister sofia then took jason to a hotel
she took off her nun clothes and changed
into a red dress as she listened to
jason talk about his fight with his
father
after listening to his story safiya then
asked him to go with her abroad
sofia then reveals her true identity to
jason
sofia wasn't a nun she is a wealthy
woman who deliberately seeks out the
young men in a catholic school disguised
as a nun
she said that she fell in love with
jason at first sight
soviet even confidently revealed that
she could be jason's inspiration in
making songs and working in the music
world until he became a famous musician
one day but jason realized that there
was something odd about sofia and
refused her
jason then told safian not to come near
him again and left
sofia felt very angry and frustrated at
the rejection from jason she then vented
her anger by shouting while throwing
things in front of him
the next day jason returned to his dorm
room and found sophie unconscious on his
bed
a panic jason thought that safiya ended
her life by overdosing on drugs because
there were a lot of drugs splattered on
the table
while he was checking sofia's condition
sathya suddenly woke up it turned out
that it was a prank to get his attention
and sympathy
jason who could no longer deal with
sofia's play threatened to report her
actions to the priest and principal
but sophia replied that she too would
expose their forbidden scandal to
everyone
jason could only stay silent because he
didn't want his father and everyone to
know about his depraved actions at
school
moments later while sofia was teaching
the class sister rebecca suddenly came
and stopped the lesson
the principal told sarah to go to class
and attend classes as usual because her
sentence was over
jason and sarah's relationship was close
again
they were often seen alone and
affectionately which ignited a fire of
jealousy and anger in sofia
safia then came up with a plan to get
rid of sarah
in the evening safiya re-enters the
girl's dormitory and finds sarah in the
shower
after ensuring no one would catch her
she immediately banged sarah's head
against the bathroom wall repeatedly
until the girl died horribly after that
she covered her tracks by disguising
sarah's death as an accident and
returning to her room innocently
not long after zoe was surprised when
she found sarah lying face down covered
in blood she immediately called for help
sarah's body was immediately taken to
the hospital for an autopsy
the police and the rest of the dormitory
think sarah died from a fall in the
bathroom
the dormitory residents gather at the
church everyone looks sad except safiya
who showed a happy expression even
though it wasn't for law when prayer
time was over jason approached sofia and
accused her of being the mastermind
behind sarah's sudden death
even though it was true sofia wasn't
afraid chica looked angry and threatened
jason by showing a video recording of
the two of them having sex
sofia then threatens jason if he dares
to reveal all her actions
when the weekend came jason and zoe were
picked up by their parents
sofia then devised a plan to approach
jason while he was with his family she
then asked sister rebecca for permission
to attend her aunt's funeral
jason and zoe are having dinner at a
restaurant with their parents to their
surprise sister sofia suddenly appeared
before them and met their parents mr and
mrs brady greeted sofia in a friendly
man even jason's father invited sophia
to have dinner with them
safiya then took the opportunity to
tease jason secretly by holding his
thigh at the table suddenly jason
shuttered and was very nervous
meanwhile sister rebecca calls the
hospital where sofia's aunt is being
treated she intended to send a bouquet
as a sign of condolences but the
hospital did not know the name of the
patient mentioned by sister rebecca she
began to suspect that sister sofia lied
to her
back at the bradys zoe urged jason to
tell him what had happened because he
seemed nervous when sister safiya had
dinner with them
jason finally admitted that he had
committed a grave sin with sister sofia
long story short jason and zoe are
trying to find information about sister
sofia's real identity
they sneakily broke into her room then
accessed her laptop
a fact was finally revealed that her
real name is laura patterson laura
purposely got rid of the real sister
sofia to infiltrate jason's school and
approach him on the other hand sister
rebecca called laura to come at her
office
sister rebecca then exposed all of
laura's lies and was about to report
them to the priest
however as sister rebecca headed for the
door laura struck her head which
instantly caused sister rebecca to
collapse and become unconscious
jason and zoe who were about to report
their discovery of sister sofia's true
identity went straight to sister
rebecca's room
because there was no answer when they
knocked on the door they finally left
not knowing that sister rebecca was
unconscious and laura was hiding there
jason and zoe ended up going to church
and meet laura
they said that they already knew her
real identity and would report it to
sister rebecca
laura who was mad because the situation
was now on the brink immediately knocked
zoe unconscious and attacked jason with
a vengeance
unexpectedly sister rebecca was not dead
she appeared behind laura and pulled her
away
but laura quickly turned things around
and attacked sister rebecca because
laura's attention was distracted jason
took the opportunity by reaching into
the screwdriver in his pocket he
immediately stabbed laura with a
screwdriver until the woman died the
film ends
[Music]
you